c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\bin\Debug\KinectInteraction180_32.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\bin\Debug\KinectInteraction180_64.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\bin\Debug\BoozeBrothers.exe.config
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\bin\Debug\BoozeBrothers.exe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\bin\Debug\BoozeBrothers.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Interaction.dll
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\BoozeBrothers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\StartMenu.baml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\StartMenu.g.cs
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\BoozeBrothers_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\BoozeBrothers.g.resources
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\BoozeBrothers.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\BoozeBrothers.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\BoozeBrothers.exe
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\BoozeBrothers.pdb
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\DrinkChooser.baml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\DrinkChooser.g.cs
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\DrinkPopup.baml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\DrinkPopup.g.cs
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\StepScreen.baml
c:\users\mike\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\StepScreen.g.cs
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\Congrats.baml
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BoozeBrothers\BoozeBrothers\obj\Debug\Congrats.g.cs
